You, you, don't be too arrogant
I am not as strong as you
Do you dare to compete with me for financial resources?
Than you think I'm afraid of you
Not today.
Our North City
Except that Long Shuai can match his financial strength
No one can match his wealth
Humph Ye Fanxin
It's too late to regret it now
My husband just gave him a chance to go back on his word
It was he who insisted on comparing his husband
Then we'll kill him.
This Jing Tian doesn't know you
I apologize for what happened just now.
Sedum, say sorry
Ye Fan's new game has started
But it didn't stop halfway.
I want to compare with you
See who can afford this 8 million luxury car
Do you dare to take the call?
Okay, let's do as you say
Longjingtian
If you can't afford it, you have to kneel and kowtow to me
Knock until I'm satisfied
I have to start being my little brother today
I let you eat pig food, you have to eat it
If I tell you to go east, you can't go west.
No, I can't promise today. Okay.
Also if you can't afford it
Can't afford 8 million
You just get on your knees and crawl out of here
Hahaha don't worry
You're going to lose.